Expression 0: Taqwa (Arabic: تقوى taqwā / taqwá)
    Meaning being conscious and cognizant of God, of truth, "piety, fear of God"

Expression 1: Tawhid (Arabic: توحيد) 
    Meaning Oneness of God
    Verse 1:5 in Surah fatiha says: إِيَّاكَ نَعْبُدُ وَإِيَّاكَ نَسْتَعِينُ which mean: You ˹alone˺ we worship and You ˹alone˺ we ask for help.
    So, 
    Help MUST not be asked from Prophets, Awliya etc...
    Respecting prophets & Awliya is fine, but help MUST be asked to Allah(only)

Expression 2: Inshallah
    One of the most common Islamic terms used in daily life is inshallah. It is also written as insha allah and has the Arabic pronunciation of. It means “God willing” when translated literally. It is based on the Quran’s teaching that nothing occurs apart from God’s will. I’ll see you tomorrow, inshallah, is a phrase used to refer to upcoming occurrences. Or: Inshallah, I’ll take a vacation next month. In Arabic, it’s frequently used to indicate “hopefully” or “yes.” If you inquire: Will you be here tomorrow? You can anticipate hearing “inshallah” as a response. Most people will use this phrase to indicate their seriousness about their plans, not to escape being told no. As a result, inshallah is another Arabic word for “yes.”

    Although the phrase “inshallah” has its roots in Islam, Arab speakers of various faiths frequently use it. When discussing upcoming events, many Christian-Arabs utilise the word inshallah in their regular talks. So when learning Arabic, don’t be afraid to utilise inshallah.

 

Expression 3: Alhamdulillah
    Alhamdulillah, which is written in Arabic as “thank you,” is another often used Islamic phrase. It means “glory be to God” in the literal sense. Thank God is the comparable phrase in English. Alhamdulillah is meant to be recited in response to anything that occurs in our lives (both positive and negative). People typically use it to express thanks for good things in daily life. How are you in Arabic is frequently answered with the phrase alhamdulillah. Alhamdulillah is a means to express satisfaction. It can also be used when discussing accomplishments or a fortunate circumstance.

    Alhamdulillah is additionally spoken after finishing a meal and after sneezing.

    Alhamdulillah is frequently used by Muslims and Christians in Arabic, just like inshallah. If you learn Arabic, don’t be afraid to say “alhamdulillah” when someone asks you how you’re doing or when you’re discussing your accomplishments.

 

Expression 4: Bismillah
    The phrase “start with bismillah, end with alhamdulillah” is used frequently in Arabic. The Arabic phrase bismillah, which literally translates as “in the name of God,” is used to signal the start of something. It serves as the start of an action for which a person asks God for his or her blessing. When you’re dining, for example, you’ll frequently hear the Muslim greeting bismillah. Before taking a bite, say Bismillah, and after your meal is over, say Alhamdulillah. Some individuals whisper it, while others speak it aloud.

    Keep in mind that the salutation bismillah is not Arabic. The word is intended to initiate an action for which you would like to obtain God’s blessings, not a dialogue.

 

Expressions 5 : Mashallah
    Mashallah is used for previous occurrences, whereas inshallah is used for future ones. Mashallah is an Arabic phrase that translates to “what God has willed.” Mashallah can be used to show excitement and thanks for something that has happened, similar to how alhamdulillah can. Mashallah is frequently utilised in daily life as a method to appreciate things like beauty.

    Mashallah is an additional Islamic phrase, but it has significant cultural significance. This is founded on the notion that reciting mashallah shields one against vices like jealousy. Mashallah is typically mentioned when praising someone in daily life. For instance: Mashallah, you are beautiful. Muslims and Arab-Christians alike frequently utter “mashallah.”

 

Expressions 6: Subhanallah
    This expressions means God be praised. Like mashallah, it has a similar meaning and use. It’s an additional way for us to express our gratitude and appreciation for things we appreciate or for events that have happened to us.

    A fascinating phrase that mixes these typical Islamic sentiments was recently shared on social media, by the way. The ability to remember and comprehend each one is really beneficial.

Expression 7: Sahih
    Sahih (صَحِيْح) is an Arabic word that means genuine/authentic/sound/correct. It is used in classification of ahadith and is the highest level of authenticity given to a narration that passes all of Imam Bukhari s criteria for classification as a sahih hadith.

Expression 8: Sharia (Arabic: شَرِيعَة )
    sharī ah is a body of religious law that forms a part of the Islamic tradition. It is derived from the religious precepts of Islam and is based on scriptures of Islam, particularly the Quran and the Hadith. In Arabic, the term sharī ah refers to Gods immutable divine law and is contrasted with fiqh, which refers to its human scholarly interpretations.

Expression 9: Ibadah(Arabic: عبادة)
    Definition comes from verse 56(Surah Adh-dhariyat) - وَمَا خَلَقْتُ ٱلْجِنَّ وَٱلْإِنسَ إِلَّا لِيَعْبُدُونِ
    I did not create jinn and humans except to worship Me.
    In Arabic, Abd (عبد) generally means "servant" or "slave." It also carries the connotation of being a worshipper, particularly in the context of Islam, where it can signify "servant of God". 
